Add google analytics as source (#70)
bruin-data/ingestr: docs/supported-sources/google_analytics.md

# Google Analytics
[Google Analytics](https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/) is a service for web analytics that tracks and provides data regarding user engagement with your website or application.

ingestr supports Google Analytics as a source.

## URI format
The URI format for Google Analytics is as follows:

```plaintext
googleanalytics://?credentials_path=/path/to/service/account.json&property_id=<property_id>
```

URI parameters:

> - `credentials_path` = The path to the service account JSON file.
> - `property_id` = It is a unique number that identifies a particular property. You will need to explicitly pass it to get data from the property that you're interested in. For example, if the property that you want to get data from is “GTA-Google Shop”, then you will need to pass its property id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `credentials_path`: The path to the service account JSON file.
- `property_id`: It is a unique number that identifies a particular property on Google Analytics. [Follow this guide](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/reporting/data/v1/property-id#what_is_my_property_id) if you don't know your property ID.
```
